DOCS-3070: Add Hello world camera module (#3625)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/how-tos/sensor-module.md

---
title: "Create a sensor module with Python"
linkTitle: "Create a sensor module with Python"
type: "docs"
weight: 26
images: ["/icons/components/sensor.svg"]
icon: true
tags: ["modular resources", "components", "services", "registry"]

> description: "Add support for a new model of sensor by creating a module written in Python."

Author: I wanted to emphasize the Python specificity here and I understand your point about "support" but I want to de-emphasize the "physical" bit since that's unnecessary
```suggestion
description: "Add a new model of sensor component by writing a module in Python."
```

> description: "Add support for a new model of sensor by creating a module written in Python."

Reviewer: ok

A sensor could be something we typically think of as a sensor, like a temperature and humidity sensor, or it could be a "virtual," non-hardware sensor like a service that gets stock market data.

> Since a sensor can be so many different things, although there are various [built-in and modular sensor models available in Viam](/components/sensor/#configuration), you may have a different, unsupported sort of sensor you'd like to use.

Author: You're right, esp. since the preceding sentence covers the variety.
